Now did we learn how to post data in the last lecture.
Let me also show you how to send the delete request to really wrap this up.
Now just like for posting data deleting here will not really delete any data from the back and it just
mirror back the data we send with our response we get basically.
But still I can show you how you send it and you would use it on any other server in the same way.
Of course the server needs to accept the delete HTP word for a given you are now the delete button is
in the full post component.
So they're simply hooked us back up to a method which handles this.
I'll implement this method here.
The lead post handler maybe doesn't require any input and let's hope this method up your two on click
should execute this delete post handler or Befort.
We already import access in here.
So now let's simply use X-ists and there we can use to delete Meffert to issue delete requests then
delete Meffert obscure.
I need to add a equals sign.
The Delete method also takes a u r l and we need to target a specific post with it so we can simply
take to you or else we use for fetching a single post.
It's the same your L we need for deleting and we don't pass any extra data because dead your cell already
contains all the data we need.
It targets a specific resource which should be deleted and then changed then because again this is asynchronous.
We will get some response and then I can lock the response here to see what happened on the server.
Let's now see those.
Let's load a post and click delete.
And you can see we successfully get back a response.
We don't get actual data here.
That is just what the dummy back and returns us here.
But the state has killed two hundred indicates that it was successful.
Again it wasn't really deleted but I just want to show you that sending delete requests also is as simple
as exchanging one method get or post exchange it for delete and of course comparable methods are available
for Port patch and so on.